doc: add Fedora as supported platform, various README fixups (#93)
bitcoin-core/gui-qml: src/qml/README.md

As the Qt Version changes upstream, refactoring is allowed to use the now available features.

### Policies

This project has custom policies for development, see:
  - [Icon Policy](./doc/icon-policy.md)
  - [Translator Comments Policy](./doc/translator-comments.md)

## Compile and Run

The master branch is only guaranteed to work and build on Debian-based systems, Fedora, and macOS.
Support for more systems will be confirmed and documented as the project matures.

### Dependencies
No additional dependencies, besides those in [build-osx.md](../../doc/build-osx.md), are needed for macOS.

Aside from the dependencies listed in [build-unix.md](../../doc/build-unix.md), the following additional dependencies are required to compile:

#### Debian-based systems:

```
sudo apt install qtdeclarative5-dev qtquickcontrols2-5-dev
```

  The following runtime dependencies are also required for dynamic builds;
  they are not needed for static builds:

```
sudo apt install qml-module-qtquick2 qml-module-qtquick-controls2 qml-module-qtquick-layouts qml-module-qtquick-window2
```

#### Fedora:

```
sudo dnf install qt5-qtdeclarative-devel qt5-qtquickcontrols2-devel
```

### Build

> For instructions on how to build and compile Bitcoin Core, refer to your respective systems build docs.

Reviewer: Since we are improving the docs, I had one suggestion regarding a line not tackled in this PR.

**Suggestion:**
```suggestion
For instructions on building and compiling Bitcoin Core, refer to your respective system's build-docs under the `doc/build-*.md` file.
```
Changes:
- **Explicitly specifying where to find build docs**. I think this would be helpful for someone new to the bitcoin-core.
- **Respective grammatical changes**. These improves the flow and ease of read for the sentence.

Author: Thanks for the review! I like the current wording of 'how to build'. I did make the following change though:

```suggestion
For instructions on how to build and compile Bitcoin Core, refer to your respective system's build doc.
```

> As long as the required dependencies are installed, the qml gui will be built.

Reviewer: nit:
```suggestion
As long as the required dependencies are installed, the qml GUI will be built.
```

Author: thanks! done
